the friend returned the merchandise after checking the price .
the girl is bright , not dark .
the man helped the brother .
the child helped the baby .
the baby helped the neighbor .
the sister is long , not short .
the brother helped the girl .
the child helped the man .
the girl is easy , not hard .
the cousin selected the package after checking the price .
the man ordered the item after checking the price .
the brother is cheap , not expensive .
the baby helped the girl .
the brother reviewed the brand after checking the price .
the mother helped the neighbor .
the friend did not order the lamp . the friend ordered the chair .
the brother is big , not small .
the uncle is long , not short .
the girl did not want the bike . the girl wanted the scooter .
the brother helped the man .
the woman is clean , not dirty .
the mother helped the uncle .
the sister helped the guest .
the aunt is narrow , not broad .
the cousin is sharp , not dull .
the uncle helped the man .
the father is narrow , not broad .
the neighbor helped the uncle .
the mother is clean , not dirty .
the father helped the girl .
the uncle helped the sister .
the father is strong , not weak .
the aunt reviewed the brand after checking the price .
the neighbor helped the boy .
the man returned the offering after checking the price .
the baby is narrow , not broad .
the woman is easy , not hard .
the guest did not choose the cake . the guest chose the cookies .
the guest is easy , not hard .
the father helped the mother .
the uncle compared the product after checking the price .
the cousin helped the guest .
the grandmother recommended the brand after checking the price .
the baby helped the guest .
the friend did not choose the pen . the friend chose the pencil .
the friend helped the boy .
the girl helped the boy .
the sister helped the grandmother .
the grandfather helped the aunt .
the cousin is clean , not dirty .
the boy did not like the robe . the boy liked the blanket .
the uncle is wet , not dry .
the baby helped the sister .
the cousin helped the grandmother .
the grandfather helped the sister .
the aunt ordered the offering after checking the price .
the man helped the neighbor .
the friend is big , not small .
the cousin did not pick the cake . the cousin picked the cookies .
the woman did not pick the scarf . the woman picked the jacket .
the mother is strong , not weak .
the girl helped the grandfather .
the boy recommended the product after checking the price .
the grandfather is cheap , not expensive .
the friend helped the uncle .
the brother reviewed the item after checking the price .
the aunt helped the brother .
the mother did not order the soda . the mother ordered the coffee .
the girl recommended the merchandise after checking the price .
the girl did not order the robe . the girl ordered the blanket .
the mother is sharp , not dull .
the cousin helped the grandfather .
the guest ordered the product after checking the price .
the brother helped the baby .
the girl did not buy the robe . the girl bought the blanket .
the child reviewed the offering after checking the price .
the guest is bright , not dark .
the boy ordered the item after checking the price .
the grandmother did not order the cake . the grandmother ordered the cookies .
the baby returned the merchandise after checking the price .
the grandmother is narrow , not broad .
the aunt helped the boy .
the aunt did not want the bike . the aunt wanted the scooter .
the boy is sharp , not dull .
the mother did not want the mug . the mother wanted the bowl .
the mother helped the sister .
the friend recommended the item after checking the price .
the girl is big , not small .
the cousin did not want the cake . the cousin wanted the cookies .
the grandfather helped the brother .
the grandfather helped the child .
the brother helped the mother .
the mother helped the aunt .
the boy helped the mother .
the boy reviewed the brand after checking the price .
the grandfather helped the neighbor .
the sister is easy , not hard .
the guest did not buy the kite . the guest bought the drum .
the boy helped the girl .
the brother helped the sister .
the guest is wet , not dry .
the uncle helped the child .
the father helped the brother .
the boy is clean , not dirty .
the aunt did not pick the robe . the aunt picked the blanket .
the mother helped the child .
the guest helped the man .
the girl is sharp , not dull .
the friend is bright , not dark .
the grandmother helped the uncle .
the father is big , not small .
the grandmother helped the man .
the friend helped the mother .
the woman ordered the item after checking the price .
the mother helped the grandfather .
the boy helped the grandmother .
the sister helped the brother .
the neighbor did not like the cake . the neighbor liked the cookies .
the child is strong , not weak .
the child is bright , not dark .
the brother is narrow , not broad .
the woman helped the grandmother .
the neighbor recommended the product after checking the price .
the woman helped the guest .
the child reviewed the item after checking the price .
the mother did not like the robe . the mother liked the blanket .
the girl helped the child .
the neighbor helped the grandfather .
the child helped the aunt .
the man compared the brand after checking the price .
the guest is narrow , not broad .
the boy helped the neighbor .
the father recommended the package after checking the price .
the brother helped the father .
the friend is strong , not weak .
the grandmother compared the package after checking the price .
the neighbor helped the guest .
the brother is bright , not dark .
the neighbor is long , not short .
the neighbor returned the package after checking the price .
the mother helped the friend .
the neighbor did not choose the mug . the neighbor chose the bowl .
the boy helped the sister .
the woman helped the child .
the child helped the grandfather .
the sister helped the neighbor .
the man compared the merchandise after checking the price .
the man did not buy the bike . the man bought the scooter .
the cousin is cheap , not expensive .
the woman ordered the product after checking the price .
the brother is strong , not weak .
the boy did not order the mug . the boy ordered the bowl .
the mother is long , not short .
the grandmother reviewed the product after checking the price .
the girl did not choose the bike . the girl chose the scooter .
the guest helped the neighbor .
the woman recommended the merchandise after checking the price .
the child is wet , not dry .
the father helped the baby .
the cousin is big , not small .
the boy is wet , not dry .
the aunt helped the friend .
the man is cheap , not expensive .
the aunt did not choose the lamp . the aunt chose the chair .
the uncle helped the neighbor .
the mother is wet , not dry .
the uncle helped the guest .
the man is sharp , not dull .
the woman helped the friend .
the man helped the mother .
the sister is narrow , not broad .
the girl is long , not short .
the man helped the baby .
the woman helped the man .
the mother is narrow , not broad .
the girl reviewed the item after checking the price .
the friend helped the child .
the guest helped the grandmother .
the brother helped the cousin .
the girl reviewed the package after checking the price .
the sister did not order the lamp . the sister ordered the chair .
the man helped the father .
the uncle selected the brand after checking the price .
the sister helped the woman .
the mother is easy , not hard .
the friend is narrow , not broad .
the child is big , not small .
the mother helped the woman .
the woman helped the girl .
the uncle helped the girl .
the friend helped the sister .
the boy helped the brother .
the girl helped the baby .
the guest helped the boy .
the man is strong , not weak .
the woman is big , not small .
the woman is strong , not weak .
the uncle is strong , not weak .
the baby did not order the hat . the baby ordered the cap .
the brother selected the offering after checking the price .
the girl helped the guest .
the cousin helped the man .
the woman selected the offering after checking the price .
the brother selected the package after checking the price .
the sister helped the mother .
the friend did not like the kite . the friend liked the drum .
the guest helped the friend .
the father helped the grandmother .
the man is long , not short .
the baby helped the boy .
the mother helped the grandmother .
the boy helped the father .
the guest did not want the cake . the guest wanted the cookies .
the aunt is long , not short .
the mother did not choose the cake . the mother chose the cookies .
the mother is bright , not dark .
the grandmother helped the girl .
the girl did not pick the mug . the girl picked the bowl .
the woman is bright , not dark .
the aunt returned the item after checking the price .
the grandfather helped the man .
the uncle helped the friend .
the brother is long , not short .
the grandfather helped the girl .
the grandfather compared the merchandise after checking the price .
the boy is bright , not dark .
the mother helped the man .
the grandmother helped the sister .
the girl helped the cousin .
the man is narrow , not broad .
the brother did not order the kite . the brother ordered the drum .
the grandfather selected the offering after checking the price .
the grandfather did not buy the lamp . the grandfather bought the chair .
the aunt is strong , not weak .
the girl helped the grandmother .
the grandmother helped the father .
the father helped the aunt .
the sister is strong , not weak .
the baby recommended the brand after checking the price .
the man helped the friend .
the grandfather ordered the product after checking the price .
the baby helped the father .
the neighbor helped the woman .
the neighbor helped the sister .
the aunt did not buy the scarf . the aunt bought the jacket .
the baby is bright , not dark .
the man helped the uncle .
the guest helped the brother .
the boy is strong , not weak .
the grandmother helped the cousin .
the uncle did not choose the soda . the uncle chose the coffee .
the neighbor helped the cousin .
the girl helped the sister .
the father helped the guest .
the grandfather is strong , not weak .
the grandfather did not choose the kite . the grandfather chose the drum .
the man helped the grandfather .
the child helped the girl .
the baby is clean , not dirty .
the grandfather is long , not short .
the sister is big , not small .
the boy returned the offering after checking the price .
the grandmother is strong , not weak .
the cousin recommended the brand after checking the price .
the sister reviewed the item after checking the price .
the grandfather helped the uncle .
the friend returned the offering after checking the price .
the sister is sharp , not dull .
the uncle helped the cousin .
the man helped the cousin .
the friend selected the product after checking the price .
the brother did not buy the soda . the brother bought the coffee .
the father is cheap , not expensive .
the boy did not buy the scarf . the boy bought the jacket .
the grandmother helped the baby .
the man recommended the package after checking the price .
the mother helped the brother .
the father helped the neighbor .
the cousin helped the friend .
the friend is long , not short .
the child reviewed the merchandise after checking the price .
the child is easy , not hard .
the guest is big , not small .
the boy helped the grandfather .
the sister reviewed the offering after checking the price .
the woman did not like the hat . the woman liked the cap .
the friend helped the baby .
the friend is clean , not dirty .
the grandfather did not pick the kite . the grandfather picked the drum .
the baby is strong , not weak .
the grandfather reviewed the package after checking the price .
the aunt compared the product after checking the price .
the brother helped the uncle .
the cousin is long , not short .
the neighbor is strong , not weak .
the father is bright , not dark .
the brother recommended the product after checking the price .
the sister did not choose the robe . the sister chose the blanket .
the child is narrow , not broad .
the neighbor ordered the brand after checking the price .
the father did not buy the lamp . the father bought the chair .
the neighbor helped the brother .
the guest helped the woman .
the guest helped the mother .
the cousin did not like the pen . the cousin liked the pencil .
the sister helped the father .
the aunt returned the package after checking the price .
the woman helped the cousin .
the aunt did not order the bike . the aunt ordered the scooter .
the grandmother did not buy the scarf . the grandmother bought the jacket .
the child did not choose the lamp . the child chose the chair .
the aunt ordered the merchandise after checking the price .
the brother helped the neighbor .
the sister helped the girl .
the mother recommended the package after checking the price .
the grandfather is easy , not hard .
the guest helped the cousin .
the aunt helped the guest .
the neighbor did not want the kite . the neighbor wanted the drum .
the cousin is narrow , not broad .
the sister did not want the bike . the sister wanted the scooter .
the grandmother did not want the lamp . the grandmother wanted the chair .
the grandfather helped the cousin .
the sister is cheap , not expensive .
the aunt is big , not small .
the neighbor did not pick the hat . the neighbor picked the cap .
the brother is sharp , not dull .
the neighbor helped the mother .
the girl returned the brand after checking the price .
the neighbor helped the girl .
the friend selected the brand after checking the price .
the boy did not choose the bike . the boy chose the scooter .
the baby compared the item after checking the price .
the boy helped the guest .
the woman helped the boy .
the guest did not order the soda . the guest ordered the coffee .
the woman helped the neighbor .
the guest is cheap , not expensive .
the boy helped the woman .
the neighbor ordered the merchandise after checking the price .
the neighbor is big , not small .
the grandmother helped the friend .
the grandmother helped the neighbor .
the baby did not buy the lamp . the baby bought the chair .
the boy is easy , not hard .
the grandfather helped the boy .
the friend did not buy the cake . the friend bought the cookies .
the grandmother helped the brother .
the child ordered the brand after checking the price .
the girl helped the father .
the aunt helped the baby .
the cousin helped the baby .
the father is clean , not dirty .
the aunt helped the sister .
the sister is bright , not dark .
the father returned the brand after checking the price .
the boy is long , not short .
the baby did not choose the bike . the baby chose the scooter .
the man compared the product after checking the price .
the mother ordered the item after checking the price .
the grandmother is bright , not dark .
the girl is strong , not weak .
the cousin ordered the offering after checking the price .
the cousin helped the woman .
the grandmother helped the grandfather .
the grandmother is wet , not dry .
the father reviewed the offering after checking the price .
the grandfather did not like the soda . the grandfather liked the coffee .
the aunt helped the man .
the cousin did not choose the soda . the cousin chose the coffee .
the mother compared the brand after checking the price .
the neighbor helped the grandmother .
the boy helped the child .
the child helped the friend .
the friend is easy , not hard .
the friend helped the aunt .
the baby is wet , not dry .
the grandmother is clean , not dirty .
the girl helped the neighbor .
the cousin helped the brother .
the cousin recommended the item after checking the price .
the man is big , not small .
the grandfather helped the friend .
the cousin helped the aunt .
the woman helped the uncle .
the boy reviewed the merchandise after checking the price .
the uncle reviewed the package after checking the price .
the grandmother reviewed the offering after checking the price .
the friend did not pick the robe . the friend picked the blanket .
the uncle is cheap , not expensive .
the brother helped the guest .
the boy is cheap , not expensive .
the brother is clean , not dirty .
the uncle helped the mother .
the father is sharp , not dull .
the woman is cheap , not expensive .
the sister helped the man .
the friend helped the father .
the girl is narrow , not broad .
the neighbor helped the aunt .
the grandmother did not choose the hat . the grandmother chose the cap .
the grandfather helped the baby .
the neighbor helped the friend .
the girl helped the woman .
the child helped the woman .
the baby did not want the lamp . the baby wanted the chair .
the friend helped the guest .
the man did not choose the scarf . the man chose the jacket .
the guest helped the aunt .
the child helped the brother .
the grandmother did not like the hat . the grandmother liked the cap .
the neighbor did not buy the soda . the neighbor bought the coffee .
the father is easy , not hard .
the cousin helped the mother .
the guest helped the father .
the baby is easy , not hard .
the baby helped the grandfather .
the child helped the boy .
the neighbor helped the child .
the cousin is easy , not hard .
